https://americanliterature.com/author/aesop/short-story/the-tortoise-and-the-hare
/
The Tortoise And The Hare
By Aesop

A Hare was making fun of the Tortoise one day for being so slow.

"Do you ever get anywhere?" he asked with a mocking laugh.

"Yes," replied the Tortoise, "and I get there sooner than you think. I'll run you a race and prove it."

The Hare was much amused at the idea of running a race with the Tortoise, but for the fun of the thing he agreed.
So the Fox, who had consented to act as judge, marked the distance and started the runners off.

The Hare was soon far out of sight, and to make the Tortoise feel very deeply how ridiculous it was for him to
try a race with a Hare, he lay down beside the course to take a nap until the Tortoise should catch up.

The Tortoise meanwhile kept going slowly but steadily, and, after a time, passed the place where the Hare was sleeping.
But the Hare slept on very peacefully; and when at last he did wake up, the Tortoise was near the goal.
The Hare now ran his swiftest, but he could not overtake the Tortoise in time.

Slow and steady wins the race.
\


https://learnenglishkids.britishcouncil.org/short-stories/our-colourful-world
/
Our colourful world
By Kim Ashmore and Sue Clarke

This is Billy and Splodge. Billy and Splodge are in a spaceship.
They are looking for animals in space.

Splodge sees a planet.

‘Everything on this planet is red. Look at this forest. The trees are red and the leaves are red. But there aren’t any animals here.’

Splodge sees another planet.

‘Everything on this planet is yellow. Look at the yellow sky and the yellow clouds. There is a yellow volcano too.
Look at the yellow smoke! There aren’t any animals here.’

Now Splodge sees another planet.

‘Everything on this planet is pink. Look at the pink sea. There are pink shells and pink plants in the sea.
There aren’t any animals here.’

Splodge sees another planet.

‘Everything on this planet is blue. This planet is very hot. There is a big blue sun and a
desert with blue sand. And look! There are blue plants. There aren’t any animals here.’

Splodge sees one more planet.
‘Everything on this planet is green. This planet is very cold.
The clouds are green and the snow is green. There aren’t any anim... Arghhh!’

Billy is in the spaceship. ‘Splodge, there are animals in space. Let’s go home!’

Splodge sees another planet. It’s planet Earth. The sky is blue and the sun is yellow.
The grass is green and the flowers are red and pink. What colours can you see?
\